docs: Consistent quoting in Template functions docs (#12833)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/query/template_functions.md

The [text template](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template) format used in `| line_format` and `| label_format` support the usage of functions.

{{% admonition type="note" %}}
In the examples below, we use backticks to quote some of the template strings. This is because those template strings contain double quotes, and using backticks lets us avoid escaping the double quotes.
If you are using a different quoting style, you may need to escape the double quotes.
{{% /admonition %}}

> 

Author: Rewrote it to state why we always use backticks

The [text template](https://golang.org/pkg/text/template) format used in `| line_format` and `| label_format` support the usage of functions.

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}
> In the examples below, we use backticks to quote the template strings. This is because some of the template strings contain double quotes,
> and using backticks allows us to avoid escaping the double quotes.
> If you are using a different quoting style, you may need to escape the double quotes.
> {{% /admonition %}}
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
In the examples below, we use backticks to quote some of the template strings. This is because those template strings contain double quotes, and using backticks lets us avoid escaping the double quotes.
If you are using a different quoting style, you may need to escape the double quotes.
{{% /admonition %}}

```

```template
"{{ __timestamp__ }}"
`{{ __timestamp__ | date "2006-01-02T15:04:05.00Z-07:00" }}`

> "{{ __timestamp__ | unixEpoch }}"

Author: If there are no quotes within the template, you can use " or (`) indistinctly, but if you have quotes within, you have to use a backstick so you don't need to escape them.

This is demoing that when you can use quotes vs backsticks but we can just use backsticks all the way throughout this doc.

Example:

```template

> `{{ now }}`

Reviewer: Do we want to change line 584 to be consistent with the your changes? It uses quotes for the template but escapes the quotes in the template, so should work, it's just inconsistent with the rest of the examples.

Author: Added :) Thank you

Examples:

```template
"{{ unixEpoch now }}"

> `{{ .foo | toDateInZone "2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999Z" "UTC" | unixEpoch }}`

Author: Backticks or quotes would both work fine.
